whats up guys its Roger from one bro
gaming and today I got a new NBA 2k15
onyx pack opening for you guys gonna be
opening up a couple of these throw
backpacks going for that onyx Ron Artest
there are three new onyx cards that came
out today onyx Ron Artest onyx Jason
Terry and onyx Vlad I believe and out of
all of these I only want that run our
test I'm a huge Lakers fan and it's
gonna be a Pacers runner test he's still
really good card I believe he's like an
89 overall and definitely a card to get
the familia card though I would want to
add to my squad good shooter great
defense it's gonna be a good player to
have so of course I gotta open up some
of these pecs and hope for some luck
that we get an onyx and especially that
onyx Ron Artest but so far our luck is
not being good let's see via can you get
any good luck with these next packs I've
been in the comments down below let me
know what onyx players have you guys
pulled today with these on expect
throwback Thursday pecs let me know in
the comments down below I'm real curious
to what you guys are getting out of
these packs and stuff like that and if
you guys want another pack opening of
some more on expects later on today you
know maybe we could get some better
onix's make sure you leave a like on
this video we get a good amount of likes
open up another set of facts and upload
that video later on tonight and I see
some gold cards and we will be getting a
gold card not onyx that we need but a
gold card is better it's better than
nothing there's we get Jang Hwa Jang was
a real good player to have but not
worthy of my lineup so probably gonna
end up setting him if you guys want John
Wall I'm willing to put him to put them
down for like cheap price 500 MT if you
guys want and just let just tweet me out
comment in the comments down below or
tweet me out at one broke gaming make
sure you guys are following me and I'll
just put them on 500 man just so you
guys can get them all right so we go on
to this pack so far the best thing we've
got in is gold John Wall our look is not
with us today so far as we get another
silver card nothing good out of these
packs John Wall is the best thing we've
got and he's good but like I said he's
not gonna be able to be in my line of my
players that I've got are better than
him so let's open up this last pack and
hope for an onyx I'm tired of getting
all these silver cards just as long as
in our bronze but I mean I'm tired oh my
god we get another silver card Tony
Allen I'm tired of these packs I really
have oh but we do get that black tie
miami heat jersey allensworth for quite
a bit but let's see if we can check the
auction house and see we can find any of
these new players isolette search run
our metta world peace is not coming out
right alright so the stretch run our
tests and let's see what happens here
there is so he comes out as run our
tests not Metta World Peace but there
are none on the auction block and why
did I put Jess no it's Jason there we go
all right so next up Jason Terry none on
the auction block and we have one more
card to search for and that being blad
so let's see we can find this card oh
there he is and there are none of the
auction block that is it for this video
guys make sure that you are subscribed
to my channel for the newest pack
openings and all that good stuff and
make sure you guys leave a like on this
video for more packs and if you guys
haven't already checked out my newest
how to make mt video make sure you click
the link on that video right there and
make sure you give that video like as
well but that's it for today guys
everyone take care have a great day I'll
talk to y'all later doses